# BeerRecipeAPI
Final Project - Web III .net



## Configuring

You need an appsettings.Development.Json with the following objects:
```
  "FirstAuthenticationInfo": {
    "Username": "string",
    "Password": "string",
  }
  ```
  
  This will be the username and password you'll use to login for the first time. A generic one, if you will.
  
  Then, add:
  ```
    "TokenConfiguration": {
    "Secret": //SHA256,
    "Issuer": "Felipe Andrade",
    "ExpirationTimeInHours": 2,
    "Subject": "BeerRecipeAPI",
    "Audience": "Ada",
    "Module": "Web III .net"
  }
  ```
  
  Be sure to add commas if need be.
  
  Add a secret for the application to run with.
  
  Feel free to use this one: 3b1d300accbae66696dd2b8e8f3dd2277a2d9e6213df7195c5cfa527a210c40e
  
  ## Running
  
  1. The first thing you want to do is log in with your generic username and password.
  2. Then, you'll only have access to the UserBase (GET method from LOGIN page).
  3. From there, search for a user with SysAdmin role.
  4. Using his username and password, you'll have access to the rest of the API.
  
  ## Features
  
  - You can GET beer recipes by feeding it a page and the number of results you want in that page.
  - You can GET a single beer by feeding it an ID.
  - You can POST a beer by feeding it a body with partial fields and get a filtered list.
  - You can POST a beer by feeding it a body with all fields. The ID is generated by the application.
  - You can PATCH a beer by feeding it a body with partial fields, it'll only change the fields described in the body.
  - You can PUT a beer by feeding it a body with all fields.
  - You can DELETE a beer by feeding it an ID.
  
  ## Reading [Beer]
  
  Name: The name of the beer.
  
  Url: The url in which you can access its recipe.
  
  Style: The type of brew.
  
  Abv: Alcohol By Volume.
  
  Ibu: International Bittering Units.
  
  Color: Standard Reference Method - light to dark ex. 40 = black.
  
  Brew Method: Various techniques for brewing
  
  ## Special Notes
  
  This was created using the following dataset:
  [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/jtrofe/beer-recipes)
  
  I do not make my own beer. Unfortunately.